thanks to synergy for sponsoring this
video from CES 2018 synergy 2 is the
easier way to connect one keyboard and
mouse to multiple computers check it out
at the link below so we're here in the
Nvidia suite where they are showing off
the world's first big big format sorry
excuse me big format display they're
bringing big screen gaming to the PC now
gaming monitors that are big have
already existed for quite some time
and there are even PC monitors that are
as large as 42 inches though it should
be noted that there are only a few
outliers that you could really consider
to be gaming monitors that are 30 inches
or above well that all changes today the
65 inch monstrosity behind me checks off
a ton of the boxes from our video
earlier this year where we designed our
ideal gaming TV so it's got really low
latency like super low like a monitor
it's got DisplayPort and HDMI input just
like a monitor it's got a hundred and
twenty Hertz max refresh rate just like
a monitor and like a high-end gaming
monitor it supports variable refresh
rate with Nvidia g-sync technology so
they're announcing three different
models but all of them are using a VA
panel from a you Optronics with quantum
dot film four DCI p3 color support and
nice deep black levels they're also
using a full array back light solution
with local dimming in order to achieve
1000 nits peak brightness with the
ability to support HDR now they haven't
announced plans for Dolby vision at this
time but it should be noted that most
games maybe there's an exception or two
you guys can leave a comment if you can
think of anything but most games are
supporting HDR through HDR 10 anyway
let's talk results now they haven't
announced how many local dimming zones
these TVs have but if I had to guess I'd
say it's probably similar to the 4k high
refresh rate monitors that they talked
about at CES last year so more than tens
but probably not you know over a
thousand something along those lines and
in terms of results well local dimming
is still not oled so that's a thing you
can see blooms around bright objects in
very dark scenes from time to time and
it was especially noticeable in menus or
if you have a bright moving light moving
around your character like let's say
like a navvy type assistant but if
that's the case you've probably got more
annoying things in your life and in
general and fast paced situations we
didn't really notice it while gaming now
let's take a look at the back of a sirs
prototype here these are absolutely
prototypes so I guess the other thing to
consider is that you've got to give them
some time to improve it so they're
announcing three partners Acer Asus and
HP who are gonna launch displays
hopefully sometime in the summer and
it's up to those guys how they want to
finish the screen matte or glossy how
they want to do the stand the sound the
bezel and the OSD options but in terms
of the actual performance of the panel
they're all using the same panel so it
should be pretty similar okay then so I
mean it's a TV realistically the
expectation would be that you can use it
for more than just gaming so Nvidia
solution to that is to integrate a
shield TV so they're full standalone
device experience into the display and
this is another thing that was in our
video why don't you just have a high end
thing built into the thing why are they
why are they laggy it's ridiculous so
Amazon and Netflix both have 4k HDR
support and now you've got full
integration with Google smart home and
Google Voice which is pretty big and
this is another announcement today that
just like someone mentioned in passing I
was like what really g-sync is now
supported with game stream and in
android games on shield TV though it
should be noted you can't just plug your
existing shield TV into your TV or your
monitor because it only has HDMI out and
gsync on the desktop anyway at this time
is only supported over DisplayPort
another cool thing for the TV guys not
the gaming guys out there is video
playback thanks to variable refresh rate
is done at the native frame rate so if
you're watching cinematic content it'll
be running at 24 fps or if you're
running something like the Grand Tour on
Amazon then you will actually see it at
the 25 fps that it was shot at No
stupid interpolation no pulldown no
nothing like that
so let us know what you guys think in
the comments is couch gaming finally
here we've got low latency wireless mice
we've got wireless keyboards we've got
actual gaming TVs is it time well it's
gonna depend on your budget like I said
it's coming this summer and Nvidia is
not commenting on pricing at all so I'm
just gonna have to wildly speculate
based on what I know about a typical
g-sync up charge over a decent monitor
and say I wouldn't expect these to be
less than probably around 5 grand so let
me know what you guys think you're gonna
see and what you would pay at the
comment section at the comment section
damn it I was so close no let's just
roll with that thanks to synergy for
sponsoring this video synergy 2 makes
the configuration of synergy their
keyboard and mouse sharing software that
works across Windows Linux and Mac
easier than ever even with more
complicated networking setups also
improved with synergy 2 is the ability
to have it running seamlessly in the
background so you can set it and forget
it
so check it out at the link in the video
description it's seamless comm slash
synergy slash CES 2 you get 50% off down
there by the way so thanks for watching
guys if you dislike this video do that
if you'd like to hit like if you really
liked it then well you can't buy any of
these yet so my standard outro is no
good but you can subscribe so you don't
miss any of our content from CES 2018